logs
-------

1. created the tables user, category and topic. 
2. Added the topics. 
3. Finished the login script.
4. Finished signup script. 
5. Added logout script. 
6. populated the index page with categories and added some css.
7. added the categories. picked to do it without php because a. categories in html will be handled by the browser. b. it seemed easier to do this way
8. added some css. now the categories and topics are looking good. 
9. added an admin page. now the 'admin' user is taken to a separate dashboard. He/She can add questions from here. 
10. note: in the current setup, when admin enters a question, he should also enter the solution in the solutions table. questionId and solutionId should match.

11. Adding questions is now working. Making the commit and going to bed...

Oct 1, 2016
-------------
1. used a form and added buttons to the topic list. Now when the user clicks the button, it's value will be passed to test.php 
   the values are taken as integers, so going to add a file with topic id and topic name.

1.5 Now test.php knows which button was clicked. So, the topic list is clear. 

2. added some css to test ui.


Oct 3, 2016
-----------
1. Still working on the test ui. Added color change on side bar question numbers.
2. Removed the previous button. Added mark for review button.
3. Sidebar question numbers are changing colors nicely on answered, marked for review and 'seen but unanswered'.
4. Added the clear response feature. 
5. Cleaned up the css for timer. Now it looks more clear
6. Added the color key to the sidebar. 
7. Added the instructions section. Modified code to show instructions first.
8. User can now see instructions by clicking  ab button during test.
   Note:- Ran into a problem here. I was trying to be smart and achieve two functionalities with same button, by adding and removing classes. It turned out that the button would still obey the rules of the first class. Due to this, two timers were being displayed at the same spot, resulting in a weird counter. To solve this, I added an if-then statement to the button's functionality. The first time it is clicked it behaves in a certain way, and for all further clicks the behaviour is different. (using a boolean to test this). Issue resolved!

9. Hover effect on options is not working after selecting an answer.


Oct 4, 2016
---------------
Goals: Add 5th option to answers, Figure out how to display result data and  store user history. Clean up code.
	   When question number of unanswered question is clicked in the question palette, it's color should change.

1. Added the option number 5 to each question. Also updated the previous questions. 
2. The first question is marked 'not-attempted' by default. Also, the color of unattempted questions change when they are seen.
3. Added a summary table to the results page. 
4. How I got the piechart working....
	a. The first problem was canvas resizing. Solved it by setting the height of the canvas.
	b. The next problem was to get the value of php variables to jquery function. 
	   To solve this, i created a few hidden divs and stored the value of these variables into their 'value' attribute. Then accessed these attributes in jquery and stored them into variables. 


5. Added timer code, this seems to work. but  i will have to modify it later. 
6. Added code for result data. 

Oct 5, 2016
-----------
1. Rewrote the code for total time. Its working great now.
2. Test results can now be added to database.
3. User can now see topper's score in the test and compare. 


Oct 6, 2016
------------
1. Current user can also be the topper. Used an if-else to check if current user's score  > top score from database.
2. Added modal for 'topping' the test. Will beautify it once I learn how to animate. 
3. Added main and footer sections to the homepage. It is still using bootstrap, though i am slowly writing my own css.
4. Embedded font awesome icons on homepage using their cdn.


Oct 7, 2016
-----------
1. Additions - How it works section, Features.
2. Updated footer code.
3. Added link to freepik.com for their icons.
4. Added the css for login page. It now looks good. Also added the 'forgot password' link to login form. Functionality yet to implement. 

Oct 8, 2016
-----------
1. Signup page is done. Only payment integration is left. 
2. Added password reset feature. But I can only access it when the website is live. 
3. Started working on the homepage after login. Finished upto category display. 
